hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how to make spaghetti
alla Carbonara a lot of you have been
asking for this recipe and it's super
super simple it basically uses a few
ingredients which you probably already
have in your fridge so I'm really
excited to show it to you let's go over
the ingredients so we can get started
you give me 1 small chopped onion about
4 to 5 slices of bacon chopped 2 eggs
about 2 tablespoons of heavy cream some
fresh Parmesan Reggiano and you're gonna
need some spaghetti it's very very
simple y'all certainly just a touch of
olive oil and salt and pepper now you
know you probably already have these
ingredients in your fridge so why not
make this dish tonight so good takes
very little time to make about 15
minutes from start to finish and the
easiest most delicious buy get
there--like carbonara you'll find it
right here the first thing I do is take
a large pot fill it with water give it a
nice generous sprinkling of salt and
bring that up to a boil so you can have
ready by the time you put in your
spaghetti in so second thing you want to
do is take an a not a nice skillet with
high sides put about a teaspoon of olive
oil in there a teaspoon not tablespoon
you want to preheat it over medium heat
so we can now go over there and so Terry
our bacon first thing we do is put your
spaghetti into your boiling water I'm
just going to take my tongs and shoe
this up and make sure that there are
submerged in water give this a nice
little toss now just going to add our
bacon to our preheating olive oil and
our nonstick skillet now traditionally
you're supposed to use front check stuff
pancetta is really very similar to bake
and the only difference is it's not
smoked but the reason why I use bacon
because it's number one where I had in
the fridge number two is just as
delicious and number three everybody can
find bacon it can be a little bit
difficult to find pancetta so it's
really no difference to it I'd like to
use this nice lean center cut bacon
that's my process but any bacon you're
never man's will do so just cook this
over medium
I mean until it's nine what nice and
crisp but not shoe to Chris because
we're going to continue to cook it
without onions our bacon is cooking up
really nicely starting to get nice and
crisp at this point you want to add in
your finely chopped onions is one small
onion and the reason why I'm not adding
any salt is because the bacon is very
salty and I don't want to overdo it but
I do want to add a good amount of black
pepper because cracked black pepper
which I'm going to put here and and a
little salt are going to make is a huge
huge part important part of a really
good traditional carbonara carbonara is
very easy it's just bacon and eggs or
pancetta and eggs really and everywhere
you're going it only has your own way of
making it I'm from southern Italy and
from Naples this is the way we make it
and we are proud of it so let's just
just go together for a few minutes until
the onions start to cook down and while
that happens I am going to go back to
the counter and show you how to make a
sauce to go with it now in a small bowl
we're going to put in two eggs two
cracked eggs 2 tablespoons of heavy
cream a ton of fresh 2 ground black
pepper or as much as you like I should
say remember it's very important into a
traditional carb or not a recipe and a
really generous amount of fun me John
McDonald and this is it this is the
sauce we're going to just put a tiny bit
of salt in there not too much because
remember our pasta water is
well-seasoned our bacon is very salty
our cheese is very salty so we don't
want to overdo it that's a pretty good
amount I just say perfect now we're not
really going to cook this and you'll see
you'll see how this comes together a
pinch of salt and I'm just going to use
my little whiz here and just mix this
together now we have our sauce together
I'm going to set this aside now all I
did here was
take my bacon and onions off the stove
and this is important that you do this
off the burner because you don't want to
scramble the eggs I drain my pasta just
going to add it to bacon and onions just
like so now very quickly you're going to
add in your egg and cream and finally
john Reggiano sauce and just you're
gonna have to work this really fast
that's perfect because you really might
want to scramble the eggs but you see
how they're starting to cook that's
exactly what you want I can't even
describe how perfect this is
every single time as long as you take
the pan off the burner you'll have a
perfect carbonara every single time just
stir this together to mix smells like
heaven in here it's amazing
let me just plate this up oh boy that's
perfection in my book right there that's
the way a caponata should be it should
not be drenched in sauce it should not
be curdled and ugly and scrambled it
should be silky smooth every strand of
spaghetti should be coated in that sauce
and I can't tell you how good the smells
I mean you really should be here for
this I'm just going to take this a bite
of this I'm gonna embarrass myself I
know it on the money that is so amazing
now you know you have all these
ingredients in your fridge so you know
you need to get in your kitchen and make
this recipe and if you want to get all
these measurements and ingredients for
everything you know where to find it
www.laurainthekitchen.com I'll see you
next time
you